Fix samtools sort piping (#57)
nf-core/sarek: CHANGELOG.md

- [#42](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/42) - Fix typos, and minor updates in `README.md`
- [#43](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/43) - Fix automated `VEP` builds with circleCI
- [#54](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/54) - Apply fixes from release `2.5.1`

> - Remove pipe from `bwa mem` to `samtools sort` and run as a separate command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#57](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/57) - Remove pipe from `bwa mem` to `samtools sort` and run as a separate process
```

Author: Ah, I didnt notice you were referencing the PRs and not the issues :+1:
